OCPBUGS#5137: Add 0.0.0.0 in /etc/resolv.conf file (#57092)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc

* Applying a YAML manifest: You can manage the additional network directly by creating an `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` object. This approach allows for the chaining of CNI plugins.

[NOTE]
====

> When you install {product-title} on {rh-openstack-first} by using Open Virtual Network (OVN), a worker node has an additional network with a subnet that has no DNS server address. You must set a DNS server address as `0.0.0.0` in the `/etc/resolv.conf` file on the worker node.

Reviewer: This is not correct. When deploying nodes with multiple interfaces on certain configuration of RHOSP (RHOSP with the OVN SDN), it is possible that the DNS setting coming from the secondary interface takes precedence over the DNS setting coming from the primary one. This becomes problematic if the DNS server can't resolve internal records.
In that case, _the OpenStack admin_ should change the DNS setting for the subnet, or remove DNS settings for the subnet:
```
openstack subnet set --no-dns-nameservers <subnet_id>
```

https://docs.openstack.org/neutron/latest/admin/config-dns-res.html#case-1-each-virtual-network-uses-unique-dns-resolver-s

See also https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3998 for a manifestation of this issue.

Reviewer: @itzikb-redhat please confirm my understanding of the issue is correct.

Author: @mandre I updated the PR- could you please check?

Author: @itzikb-redhat Could you PTAL too?

* Applying a YAML manifest: You can manage the additional network directly by creating an `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` object. This approach allows for the chaining of CNI plugins.

[NOTE]
====

> When deploying {product-title} nodes with the multiple network interfaces on {rh-openstack-first} with OVN SDN, subnet id of the secondary interface might take precedence over the subnet id of the primary interface. In this case, remove the DNS nameserver of the secondary interface's subnet id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying {product-title} nodes with multiple network interfaces on {rh-openstack-first} with OVN SDN, DNS settings coming from the secondary interface might take precedence over the ones of the primary interface. In this case, remove the DNS nameservers for the subnet the secondary interface is attached to:
```

Author: Addressed- changed the wording little bit

> When deploying {product-title} nodes with the multiple network interfaces on {rh-openstack-first} with OVN SDN, DNS configuration of the secondary interface might take precedence over the DNS configuration of the primary interface. In this case, remove the DNS nameservers for the subnet id that is attached to the secondary interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When deploying {product-title} nodes with multiple network interfaces on {rh-openstack-first} with OVN SDN, DNS configuration of the secondary interface might take precedence over the DNS configuration of the primary interface. In this case, remove the DNS nameservers for the subnet id that is attached to the secondary interface:
```

Author: Addressed

[source,terminal]
----

> $ openstack subnet set --no-dns-nameservers <subnet_id>

Reviewer: I wonder if that's enough, of if you need to explicitly set the DNS nameserver to 0.0.0.0 like @itzikb-redhat was suggesting.
@itzikb-redhat can you confirm?

Reviewer 3: > I wonder if that's enough, of if you need to explicitly set the DNS nameserver to 0.0.0.0 like @itzikb-redhat was suggesting. @itzikb-redhat can you confirm?

If I understand correctly from https://docs.openstack.org/neutron/rocky/admin/config-dns-res.html it should be the same. I checked with setting to 0.0.0.0

Author: @itzikb-redhat @mandre Do we need to change the command? `$ openstack subnet set --no-dns-nameservers <subnet_id>`

Reviewer 3: I would prefer to set it to 0.0.0.0

> $ openstack subnet set 0.0.0.0 <subnet_id>

Reviewer 3: Please take a look at https://docs.openstack.org/python-openstackclient/pike/cli/command-objects/subnet.html
$ openstack subnet set --dns-nameserver 0.0.0.0 <subnet_id>

Author: Addressed
